oh I'm
sorry okay you no you go ahead I have
the wrong agenda up my
[Music]
bad okay
okay I apologize for that I'm going to
call to order
the Andover town of Andover special
budget meeting uh budget Workshop
meeting for Monday February 10th uh
starting
at
607 and our first call to order or first
item on the agenda as a pledge of
allegiance I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America and
to the Republic for which it stands one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for
all uh item two is public speak we'll
start with Kathy and Mike
pazi you have anything no we're all set
we're all set thank you Jeff all right
you're good Joanne
Ebert all set just listening thanks Liz
lat just listening thank
you uh Danny holsclaw I just tuning in
thanks okay uh I didn't miss anyone did
I all right we're going to go to uh item
three uh budget workshop for fiscal year
2025 2026 proposed Town budget um Eric
can you put uh your cop be up on the
screen
certainly okay okay are you
seeing we are
okay all right
um I know in the email that um you put
out to us um you went through the items
that we had spoken about at the meeting
uh to get this so I'm just going to read
these for everybody in the public we
made a reduction to open space Capital
fund uh reducing it from 50,000 to
25,000 uh we requested an increase in
the senior lunch in program budget from
6300 to
12,500 and we asked for a reduction on
the rec commission budget which really
wasn't a Rec commission budget request
there was
a there's a wreck budget for $6,000 and
there was a capital
uh Capital request from the rec
commission for $40,000 for basketball
hoops in the AES gymnasium and we asked
her to remove that and then we asked for
uh pay and compensation increases for
non-elected non-union employees to be
set at
3% to match a union
contracts and there was another issue
related to it so uh Scott an is there
anything else when you got this that you
reviewed that you want to
discuss I I'd gotten a few questions
from some uh other residents that we
looked at it on line I
guess um one with about the trooper I
know that we've got a new one coming but
what were the actual costs in the past
year so we have an idea of how how much
that actually cost not just what we
budgeted and
um the other question I had last week I
asked about the mowing
the 26,000 for mowing and I know we said
where the mowing was being done but I
just is wonder why we get charged we
have to pay that in addition to just
Public Works employees is it not Public
Works employees doing the mowing or why
is there a separate budget item for
that sure I can probably answer those
two questions so if I believe
last budget year the cost that we
actually paid for the resident state
trooper was
127,000 plus or minus 100 or two but it
was 127 something um this year and they
estimated that this year's budget they
gave me a a budgetary estimate of 135
which is roughly what's in this year
years or what was in last year's budget
um we don't remember they only Bill us
one time a year um and often it's not
till after our budget is closed and they
don't make up until last year they
haven't made final
determinations as
to what the indirect costs they assign
to the resident trooper are so it's
always a floating
number um so last year I guessed or for
this past budget I guessed 140,000 which
was you know roughly
5,000 um you know higher than what was
in uh what they were
proposing um subsequent to that our
resident trooper left we have a
temporary resident trooper um that
temporary resident trooper is one of the
Troopers that's trying to get the job
but there are I believe nine
applicants uh for the position so we
really and we don't have any say in that
so uh for instance if our current
resident trooper the guy who's our
temporary guy if he became our permanent
guy uh the state estimates that our
annual cost would be
$153,000 um if we get one with less
seniority it could be as low as say
$125,000 um the most we've paid has been
almost
$170,000 uh when Daryl Tetro was our our
resident state trooper because he was
really senior so the answer is I don't
know I can't tell you
within
$20,000 how much that line will actually
be $140 is kind of a midlevel guess I
could be under 20,000 and I could be
over
20,000 um what what happens then with
any discrepancies what do we how do we
solve
that what do you mean how do we solve
that well don't solve it it gets rolled
into the unexpended fund balance and
it's usually credited as a reduction in
the tax the following
year okay so it does get reduced the
next year then or if it's if you end up
with somebody who's really high salary
we have to adjust other things or what
do we do well then we take it out of
well we've got a couple ways you know
the first thing you always try to do is
if you have a line item in a department
that's over you try to take from within
that department first but in his case
since the resident Troopers line item is
really two things it's salary
and then a couple hundred dollar in
supplies you can't do that so the board
of Finance would have to motion to
transfer money in from a different part
of the budget to cover the access and
that's how we deal with all the
overages okay um as far as mowing goes
no we don't actually have the equipment
to do field mowing um we've always the
the major part part of
the the mowing that gets done for the
town both the athletic fields and a lot
of the areas like the cemetery and
things like that we do SUB that out um
the field mowing which is the biggest
component of that um we sub out to Hein
parks and wreck because they have the
parks and wrecks people as well as the
equipment uh to mow and maintain that um
and then up to this year and over
Landscaping has handled a lot of the
town's other mowing events and frankly
what they charge us is less than our
labor rates to do it so it doesn't make
sense for us to do that ourselves all
right thank
you are we gonna have early voting this
year
Eric uh
yep I believe so I believe it it's not
mandatory for everything but for most
elections now some level of early voting
is uh required and how much depends on
what what type of event it
is we going to have money in the budget
for
that uh well the registrar's office
thinks they put enough money in the
elections budget to cover for
it the
grant we're probably unlikely to get
money from the state we're not
anticipating getting any further revenue
from the state to cover that usually
when they do one of these unfunded
mandates they only cover it for the
first year and then they pawn it off on
the
towns so the registar budget is enough
to
cover regar believe so yes
okay uh I saw Jeff Murray joined um Jeff
we had gone through what Eric provided
Us in his email for the what we talked
about at our last meeting do you have
any specific questions that you want to
address with Eric related to the budget
that he's presented to us have we talked
about senior lunch yet or we still got
to talk about
that uh we can talk about that I mean we
I I sat there and said that the increase
in the senior lunching program was
$6,300 to
$12,500 okay I misunderstood that then
at the last meeting I thought it was an
increase of
$1,200 so thanks for
clarifying no my my request is
that listen we un we we underfund that I
mean the reality is the seniors are
paying more than they're collecting for
that which is fine we just need to uh
bulk up that line item
because yep Jee I understand that and I
saw Ann's comments to that as well the
only thing I would like to add to this
is that if we make it
a like a dirt cheap like two or three
dollars we may have people signing up
and not showing and I just don't want
the town to fund these lunches when we
have no shows so we need to come up with
some kind of solution to make sure that
people commit when they say they're
coming to actually come and and attend
the
because it's pretty wasteful when we
have to get rid of some of these lunches
that people don't show up for so I would
be I'd be welcome to hear any
recommendations that anybody has on that
maybe even Tess can come up with
something but yeah I've just heard
there's been a lot of complaints about
no shows lately on these luncheons so I
just want to make sure that we have
people that are going to be committed to
it and maybe prepay a couple weeks
before to get that discount that's just
my recommendation
I'm in agreement with you I don't
disagree from a standpoint of you know
people want want to have the benefit of
certain things they have to sit there
and and show to us that they're going to
show up for it as opposed to us paying
for things and then throwing them away
or donating them further so um Eric
let's sit there and see if Tess can get
together with with Kathy and the rest of
the group to sit there and see what
might be
a a reasonable plan to make sure that we
don't have people not show
for luncheons and have problems with uh
wasting money there yeah because you
understand Jeff like if people have a
little stake in the game they'll they'll
show up but if they if it's like ah it's
free or it's like a couple bucks they're
gonna be ah the hell with that I'm not
going to show up so we just need to make
sure that we somehow figure out a way to
do that and then um maybe even ask a
couple other towns how they're doing it
because if they have really reasonable
fees as Ann suggested maybe we should
find out how they're doing it and see
what their uh no show rate is
right I can even remember a different
kind of situation but um when I was
teaching they sometimes would get a a
bus to transport fans to go to a game
and what they would do to have avoid no
shows that they had to pay a fee to sign
up and then if they came they got the
money back but at least that way they
had everybody come or they had the money
one of the other so you know something
like that like signing up ahead and
either giving them a discount at the
time or when they showed up it might
help I had one other question with
seniors and that is that um I've heard
this the a
uses the senior vehicle to transport
some kids and they pay for that where is
that in the
budget
so that I Revenue that just goes into
miscellaneous Revenue it's not a big
enough line item that we ever put a its
own separate line item in the budget
for okay
I mean we could you know shouldn't it go
into the uh for the senior bus you have
a line for that so you have senior
Transportation well it's not going to be
an increase to the budget line item no
but I mean if it's important enough to
have it in the budget there I would
think we would show the revenue coming
Ino because some of those Revenue items
aren't very big yet they're listed
it can be included Eric in a separate
line item for budgeted money but it's
what is it
$15,000 no not that much
um probably sub5 I think for a year
because I mean what we're we're
essentially all we're charging the
school because again it's all Town money
anyway we're just simply charging them a
per mileage fee for use of the vehicle
that that deals with the maintenance
costs and in the operating cost and fuel
for the vehicle we're not making a
profit off the school we're not trying
to you know and they Supply their it
doesn't it doesn't I
mean
that's I mean we're saving the Town
Money by doing this so that the Board of
Education doesn't have to go out and
contract with with uh Easton to sit
there and drive a child
exactly yeah
so but the revenue line would not even
go there it would go up top it would
have to be an extra L be top that's why
I looked it would have to be an extra
line but it's in the miscellaneous
income
if you know I would love for every
organization within the town to show all
their revenues in an appropriate way so
I'm kind of with an I would love to be
able to go to all the groups and sit
there and say show me all your Revenue
you know uh across everything so that we
can understand uh how we're charging
residents or or parents for different
different programs so um Eric create a
new line okay
that um er Eric my question is is what
is the total increase for uh expenditure
line items for for this proposed
budget and you got to include the
capital too so
uh discounting the revenue money how
much are we increasing the expense line
items uh you mean just on the town end
of things just on the town end of things
y
uh let's see go over to sell am and add
that's the easiest way to do it is take
it off the
the town
budget um
so though that seems
wrong yeah backing out the capital
backing out the
40,000 you end up with a budget that's
$280,000 700 higher than last year
I'm having difficulty on that one
okay so if you go to the first page on
this just so I'm trying to understand my
numbers
yep budget excluding
education so if I look at those two
numbers budget excluding
education so the 2024 budget was 4 4,302
627 am I reading that
correctly uh yeah and then the next one
be right something in there is incorrect
let's see j44 minus
[Music]
j44 yeah that does not seem
correct yeah I'm wondering why you got a
7 and a half percentage change when
we've C down almost a million
dollars I'm sorry I'm sitting there
looking at this and I'm going I see I
and listen I did it separately looking
at each individual increase decrease
because to me I want to
understand I want to understand what is
fluctuating so
significantly you know and like I mean
we don't do a hell of a lot but I look
at the capital and
we decreased the capital from the prior
year by about $75,000 I mean we're still
doing everything that is
requested um but even that I'm not sure
made total sense to me because I looked
at your Capital spreadsheet and I gotta
look at that
again does that come
through the only two real items we've
lowered the capital expenditure so far
are the open space fund and the building
maintenance fund those both
decreased
yeah I mean because I go through the
individual sections and I don't see
anything that sticks out to me so that
has to be addressed because I don't if I
look at your spreadsheet and I just take
the basics of what I'm doing I think I'm
doing it correctly I think the increase
is about 50
Grand that's what it looks
like so I don't know where that big of a
number is coming from
it can't be 50 Grand because Personnel
costs themselves in indirect are up
close to a
100 where is that section what is the
the
number employee benefits
yeah both employee benefits so the
salary is built into each line
item um but you can see if you go to
employee cost total and you go down to
the totals you can see the
year-over-year
total cost is up quite a bit across the
board um and we talked last time about
what things what drove those
increases um you know the big ones are
changes in Staffing at the senior
center um number one is the biggest
driver and then changing Mark Williams
from a maintainer one to maintainer
two is a big
chunk um
make me to manipulate your
stuff put put it on lock down my friend
that is one of the things I don't like
about using Excel for this is it's very
easy to make a calculation mistake and
this is a really interconnected
document well I'm assuming the treasurer
is assisting you with
this correct right
of course I just got rid of everything
else I did
righty cost
well it's something that we have to deal
with because if you're saying you have a
$200,000 increase and a number
is that we're seeing is different it's
hard
to it's hard for me I mean I'm pretty
sure that number is correct and is
generated
correctly um
I mean using merge cells is really tough
wow well anybody else why I sit there
and work on my
uh my analysis of what Eric is telling
us
I mean I think the bottom line there
there's two bottom lines one the overall
mill rate is going up pretty
significantly um and over Elementary
School is scheduled to go up
88.8% um Ram is scheduled to go up
3.9% and that D number doesn't quite
jive with what Ram has reported but
there's a reason for that is that last
year Ram gave back to the towns pretty
much everything that was in that uh
every bit of money that they got back
that they underspent for the previous
year they gave back to the town so even
though their budget didn't go up that
much year toe our actual increase in
what we SP spent on the levy went up so
our increase in spending is going up
3.9% even though our Levy percentage is
going down if that makes sense I know
that's a convoluted way of saying that
um you know in the town's total increase
is around $280,000
well I I personally would like to just
fixate on our situation like where we're
at from the town and where our 20% of
the overall budget
Falls right because always I always look
at this as it's
20% it's 20% Ram 20% AES
and there sorry 40% Ram 40% as and it is
20% the
town and that includes our well I
shouldn't even say that because then you
I look at it as operating budget and
then you incorporate on top of that the
capital expenditures and we're all
fairly equal right 4 million 4 million 4
million
correct I
cannot operate in your
spreadsheet that you have for personnel
costs because whoever built it merges
cells and you cannot get to the
proposed salary line and move it over so
I can't sit there and see if you have
significant changes in any given area
quickly because whoever built this
merged
cells well that one you can blame on
the uh the treasure not on myself
let me see if I can
try what are you what line are you
concerned
with because I can probably answer your
questions well if you really want to
know the biggest thing I'm concerned
with I'm concerned with the front page
of this shows a $52,000 increase and
your other summaries show 230,000 incre
and I can't find it so that's what I'm
concerned
about understood and every time I try to
do something within your employee
cost portion of this I mean I'm just
telling you flat out from my standpoint
if I was on the board of of Finance I
want to know the change in the line
item and nowhere in anything that you do
you put a percentage change I could care
less about the percentage change I want
to know the dollar so you could have
have a a 100000% change and it's $1,000
and it it falls under my threshold of
worrying about it but then you'll have
something that's $100,000 and I care
about it so nowhere in here do you put a
dollar change which I did for the
operational budget for our line items
and on page one the main page and I come
down and
I I thought the change was $52,000 I
look at your numbers I I see the change
and the change is $50,000 and then you
go to this other mill rate calculation
right and you come to $
28,749 so I'm trying to
understand where that number is coming
from
and well I can sit there and see it if
the main budget
so um well I can tell you where it it is
then if I look at that page that mill
rate calculation page the budgeted
number that you have in here for 2024
2025 is
4,720 that does not agree to the front
page of the main
budget so your your proposed budget
total of 4,3 53 328 does agree this
4,072 582 does not agree to the
front so we got to figure that
out
Bronto and if that's the case then I've
got to
see what decreases from the budgeted
number and then what total dollar
changes happen where and and I agree
with you I'm assuming that the majority
of these changes will up in the employee
cost section
but I it's not helping
me evaluate like where
I where we should put
attention
um so that's the question was the budget
last year 4 million3 or 4 million
97 4, 72
how about I go to the town website and I
look for the
document like what did we vote
on let's see if I go to
Handover and I go to minutes
right it's not allow me do so last year
the budget to be raised by 10,000 to be
raised raised by taxes was 10
million
50 and
750 10,
50,7 that's according to your
spreadsheet well according to last
year's approved spreadsheet spreadsheet
approved by the board of Finance if I
look at last year's budget
spreadsheet so where does that fit Us
in so that corresponds to Total by
taxation at the bottom there so that
matches
that value which is pretty much what I
look
at um
too many spreadsheets open at once
[Music]
what is that
different where um
well Eric you're gonna have to sit there
and and look at
the you're going to have to get with the
treasure and get the budgets to the
line so that mill rate
calculation hey what is that number
[Music]
g48 so you're just subtracting that
those numbers
agree e
well what would you like to do
Eric what would you like to
do I would like you to ask you to get
with the treasurer and fix that number
and I don't understand I mean I know
what you're doing you're
taking your total budget of 12 million
a and
subtracting it from the amount
of the A and the ram budget and you're
coming up with a number for the town but
that's not a
green so we have a meeting with the
board of Finance I mean let's go this
way for everybody else does every
anybody have
[Music]
any specific questions other questions
related to the items that are in the
estimated 2024
budget I have something on the employee
cost go ahead Eric on Willie Bells uh
the last number there is
23,000 last year he made made 27 is is
that a reason for that so yeah that
that's a good question when we started
with the community
center um we had I had no idea how many
hours it was going to take them to
maintain it so I guessed kind of high in
that budget and we're just not spending
as many hours cleaning that building as
we anticipated so even though his hourly
wage for cleaning will go up the total
cost we were just over budgeting that
last year because it was new building we
didn't know what we were going to be
spending what did he get paid last
year uh well we're still in the middle
of the budget
process sorry we're still in the middle
of the budget cycle Scott so we won't
know the total I mean in terms of hourly
wage or in terms of what well just his
total the total cost of him is going to
be down
um
4,000 from what it was from what we
projected yeah before we knew what it
was going to cost because we basically
went from cleaning two buildings to
cleaning three buildings but we had
anticipated that that building would be
closer to the cost of cleaning the town
hall than the cost of cleaning the
library if that makes yeah
so if you don't have other Corrections
here the one thing I would like to
discuss is I did have a
conversation you know I I have been
working in the background on J Tuttle
trying
to uh see whether we could do
something to get him to stay
um so my question is would the board be
willing to
consider a uh an hourly rate increase of
more than
3% um for that position if he agrees to
stay for two more years
how much
more I mean what he'd like is a 5%
increase each of the last two
years my answer would be
no and I'm a strong know at that
it sounds like an awful lot to
me you can find somebody
else without having to go that
high what was that in we can find
another employee for that I would think
we could find a replace without having
to pay as much as 5% increase every
year I mean he gets a pretty high salary
anyway
what if you counter offered them and
offered them
4% um let's talk about that one um and
and why are we doing this because he's
going to
retire
or thinking about retiring similar to
the town
clerk there's an advantage for him to
retire now now under the current
retirement system versus waiting two
years and retire when he ordinarily
would have
retired um so the question is is there
something we can do that makes him
reconsider his decision because I mean
the reality is he's already filed the
paperwork to retire um so what I'm
trying to do is do something to convince
him not to do that because regardless of
what people think other people think I
actually happen to think he does a
pretty good job of his uh of managing
those
responsibilities far better than anybody
we've had in the last 20 plus
years um but maybe you all think
differently well my take on it is we
develop talent and we bring people from
you know maintainer one up through the
system so it would be my hope that we
would
have people in public works currently
that would be interested in assuming
that role eventually so we should have
some progression pass for those
individuals um if then if that's not the
case please let me
know I'm really happy to have gotten a
lot of reports in 2025 that weren't
looking like they were from
1970 but what we had previously and and
if we could keep Jay at a you know I
think 5% also is a little bit much but
maybe if he would go with three and a
half don't you guys already have him I
mean I'm looking at this spreadsheet
it's 4% salary
raise
yeah so what's
there because his contract runs
[Music]
another well maybe it
doesn't senior chat let me go down to
where it
is oh yep that one never got changed
down to
3% but I mean all bets are off because
you're going to be if you don't
then we're negotiating over a new person
anyway
so listen we're talking $2,000 to keep
someone that is
is the $2,000 extra money to me is is
well worth spending to keep someone that
uh unless you feel unless you all feel
strongly that you're going to get a
better
candidate so
now he still might retire anyway right
Eric or he's already put the paperwork
in well he's already put the paperwork
in I asked him what would sweeten the
pot and what would make them
reconsider
um let's talk about that one
offline but our all of those changes
made internally here
[Music]
so
okay all those proposed numbers don't
have math to them they're just numbers
put in the
system okay
all right anybody else with any specific
questions Eric you have to sit there and
get me the I mean you have to send to
all of us a spreadsheet that gets the
front number to agree with the mill rate
calculation so that we
can and move off of this page for me and
go back to the mill rate calculation
well first of all this mill rate
calculation isn't going to be correct
now anyway there's going to have to be
two Mill rates because the town is going
to have to bifurcate because we're going
to be over the mill rate the max mill
rate the state allows for Motor Vehicles
so that change would would be made
anyway uh understood but that still
doesn't
mean that as you slide down to the
budget by entity calculation that you
have down here yeah that that number
in uh
f29 agrees to the front
page
right
up
up are you with me
f29 that number right needs to agree to
the front page on the main
budget right or we just eliminate that
number off the main
budget you can't do
that um
all right I I will call you tomorrow on
that I I'll actually take my spreadsheet
and look at what calculation
is
um okay uh does anyone else have any
other issues related to uh what you want
to address with Eric on any specific GL
atoms
so how many of us are attending the
budget meeting with the Board of
Education or the the board of Finance on
Wednesday I am I will Scott you g to be
able to make that
Wednesday Wednesday I believe it
is yeah okay Jeff Murray are you gonna
be able to make that or are you trying I
will I will not okay all right
um so Jeff if you're not going to be
there is there anything specific that we
should address with the board of Finance
or with Eric at that
meeting I would just like to examine the
the center director position
and and I just want to question why
we're adding that to a full-time
position when we're not even using the
hours of the assistant so if we're using
her hours and we're still seem like
we're behind then I'm all for or would
support increased in those hours but
right now since we're not
fully um using both of those uh
positions effectively um I don't see any
reason why we should make that a
full-time position
okay
um anybody else have any issues related
to that specific line item I mean
obviously so right now that's
moving from 45 to
61 and the assistant is moving
up the percentage of the increase that
we were giving so um
I mean Jeff if I was at the town meeting
and I saw that the assistant wasn't
using her full hours and we wanted to
increase it the full time I would be
asking a lot of questions and I think we
just need to find out why we're making
that a full-time position in the first
place when we're not even using all the
hours of the
assistant okay um we can address that
definitely with the board of Finance as
to how
they want to sit there and move it
forward so I don't have a problem with
that addressing And discussing that one
Jeff
um thank you
y anybody
else okay it is almost 7 o'clock time
for our other
meeting so where are we one
second
um item four public
speak uh I am not going to do public
speak related to the budget
meeting uh unless someone raises their
hand and wants to sit there and have a
discussion or I mean I know the people
are on it Kathy
plazy any public speak related
to no thank you Joanne Ebert any public
speak related to what we were
discussing um Jeff thank you for the for
the moment um I just want to say
something quick because I like to kind
of quantify it or qualify it in the in
the Forum that it was talked about so
I'll bring it up you know in the meeting
on Wednesday as well I won't go in depth
at all but I do look at all of you that
were on the meeting tonight as the
management side of the town of course
and I know you take your job seriously
in all of the questions that you were
asking and you know espec especially
focusing on the employee benefits or
different things that are that are
coming up so I myself too will take the
time to kind of look through things
because I do have some questions where I
couldn't get the numbers to
Jive um and just the one thing that I
did want to bring forth with this issue
is a lot of the Town employees or the
things that you were discussing tonight
that you are the management they are on
the union side which I know you know um
and so I will bring to Eric on Wednesday
if if he was matching the exact contract
amounts that were agreed about or if he
was you
know moving them up and then the last
thing usually when there's a union
employee and last year they brought on a
new maintainer and the argument was made
I know a lot about this kind of
Department you know having two sets of
two guys so you had four guys and then
you had your supervisor that you also
discussed tonight um usually there's the
budget was decided on based on bringing
on a maintainer one you know to round
out the crew so to speak in every town I
do work on one this is nothing against
the person nothing personal but to get
that item added he was brought in as a
maintainer one at a lower salary so all
of us you know to just get it passed and
pass the budget so tonight it looks like
you know there would be an automatic
upgrade which I've never heard of in a
different town usually you buy your time
sure we want to have qualified people
but to add 12,000 to that one line item
is is kind of asking a lot so I'll be
interested in looking in that you know
even myself in the Union I belong in I
know that I'm qualified to do higher
work or whatever but I have to wait till
there's a position open it there's a
bidding process there's a hiring process
so that's all you guys are the
management there's the union side so to
just see the
12,000 or 13,000 added is kind of a lot
to take in just that one little part
thank
you Liz
latch I know I'm I'm almost set thank
you
Danny hos CLA is the other individual no
no thank you no comments okay all right
um I'm going to make a motion for
adjournment can I speak can I speak um
no this is not the regular meeting so
hold on for one second if you would
right um I'm gonna make a motion that we
adjourn adjourn this special meeting
schedu special meeting the Andover Board
of Selectmen related to can I speak on
the budget though
um can you do it during public speak in
our regular meeting because those were
the five individuals that were there at
the beginning of our meeting so we're
running over sure that's fine okay I
appreciate thank you I make a motion to
adjourn second it all those in favor I
okay so we are going to get right to it
um give me one second please
okay I am gonna call Eric um can you
stop the First
Recording sure I mean can we do can we
do two
recordings yeah we certainly can okay